docs: kafka and worker info (#345)
RHEnVision/provisioning-backend: docs/dev-environment.md

## Backend services

The application integrates with multiple backend services:

## Worker

Worker processes (`pbworker`) are responsible for running background jobs. There must be one or more processes running in order to pick up background jobs (e.g. launch reservations). There are multiple configuration options available via `WORKER_QUEUE`:

* `redis` - uses queue via Redis
* `postgres` - uses jobqueue implementation for the queue
* `memory` - in-memory worker (default option)

> The default behavior is the in-memory worker, which spawns a single goroutine within the main apllication which picks up all jobs sequentially. This is only meant for development setups so that no extra worker process is required when testing backround jobs.

Reviewer: applic
```suggestion
The default behavior is the in-memory worker, which spawns a single goroutine within the main application which picks up all jobs sequentially. This is only meant for development setups so that no extra worker process is required when testing background jobs.
```

In stage/prod, we currently use `redis`.

## Statuser

> Statuser process (`pbstatuser`) is a custom executable which runs in a single instance responsible for performing sources availability checks. These are requested over HTTP from the Sources app (see below), messages are enqueued in Kafka where the statuser instance picks them up in batches, performs checking and sends the results back to Kafka to Sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Statuser process (`pbstatuser`) is a custom executable that runs in a single instance responsible for performing sources availability checks. These are requested over HTTP from the Sources app (see below), messages are enqueued in Kafka where the statuser instance picks them up in batches, performs checking, and sends the results back to Kafka to Sources.
```
